RFC: Allow (outer) cfg-attributes on elements of tuple types and tuple (struct) patterns (#3532)
rust-lang/rfcs: text/3532-cfg-attribute-in-tuple-type.md

    TransformComponent,
    VelocityComponent,
    PhysicsComponent,
    ColliderComponent,
    EngineComponent,
    HealthComponent,
    WeaponComponent,
    EnergyComponent,
    SpriteComponent,
    AudioComponent,
)>;
```

Since this is a multiplayer game, we may want some components to exist solely on the server or on the client, both for security reasons and also for optimization or performance reasons. The sprite and audio components for example serve no purpose on the server as the server does not render graphics or play audio. In games in other languages, it is common practice to use conditional compilation to avoid putting code in various build targets that serve no purpose, waste resources, or potentially leak information to cheaters. So in this case we will restrict these two components to the `client` feature, like so:

```rust
type ShipArchetype = EcsArchetype<(
    TransformComponent,
    VelocityComponent,
    PhysicsComponent,
    ColliderComponent,
    EngineComponent,
    HealthComponent,
    WeaponComponent,
    EnergyComponent,
    #[cfg(feature = "client")] SpriteComponent,
    #[cfg(feature = "client")] AudioComponent,
)>;
```

> Additionally, we need some components to handle serializing the network state, performing dead reckoning, and sending that information to the client from the server. So we will add a `StateStorageComponent` and a `DeltaCompressionComponent`, and restrict those to the server, since the client does not perform these calculations and we want to avoid giving clients this information to help defeat, or at least delay the arms race against, cheaters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we need some components to handle serializing the network state, performing dead reckoning, and sending that information to the client from the server. So we will add a `StateStorageComponent` and a `DeltaCompressionComponent`, and restrict those to the server, since the client does not perform these calculations and we want to avoid giving clients this information to help confound, or at least delay, cheaters.
```

> - Feature Name: `cfg_attribute_in_tuple_type`

Reviewer 2: This RFC also proposes allowing attributes in tuple patterns but this feature name and the PR title don't reflect that fact.

Could you change the PR title to something like *RFC: Allow (outer) cfg-attributes on elements of tuple types and tuple (struct) patterns* and the feature name to something akin to `cfg_attr_in_tuple_tys_and_pats`?

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rfcs/3532/845d609e0025d07c8cb0ca017d942bdbe9a18484..afbcb07e789651fc3abed2955f6f0444758c3b7d)*

Author: Done and done!
